---REPORT--
Superpy Assignment
Jennifer Oerlemans-Bakx
July 2021

NOTE TO TEACHER:
- Function advance_time in advance_time.py only added to fit the requirement in the assignment, not used in my code
- Writing result of turnover function from turnover.py to .txt file only there to fulfill requirement, no practical use

Technical points:

1. I thought it was important to add functionality to the sell function to make it impossible to store a product as sold (i.e. to sell it) if it's not in the inventory or not available in sufficient amount.
   To solve this I added the helper function check_inventory(), the result of this helper (a list of inventory listings) is stored to a variable called inventory.
   The first problem (product not in inventory) I solved by defining a variable Found = False, looping over each item in inventory to see if product is in there and changing Found to True if so and executing the rest.
   The second problem (cannot sell more of product than in inventory) I solved by adding a counter that counts the number of times an item in inventory contains the product and stores this number.
   I could then compare the amount to be sold to the count in inventory, if the amount <= the count the sell function is executed. If not, an error message is displayed detailing the maximum number of this product that can be sold. 

2. I decided that the inventory should only reflect those products fit to be sold, i.e. expired products are not in the inventory.
   Therefore, each time the report inventory function get_inventory() is called, the helper function in it called get_expired() filters out the expired products from the result.
   
3. in the code of profit.py i used an early return to correctly execute the rather complicated nested if-else and for loops, it would not function properly without it so I'm glad I discovered it!

4. the expired function writes all expired products in a given timeframe to a csv file, but obviously NOT the ones that were sold! I do this by comparing the bought_ids of expired products to the bought_ids of sold products and
   if there is a match DO NOTHING and if there isn't a match (i.e. found = False), export the product as expired to the csv.